PROXY_FLOW_EXPLANATION.md, before:

# Hermes Proxy: End-to-End Flow Explanation

## Overview

The Hermes Intelligence Proxy intercepts AI requests from Cursor, logs them to Supabase for "Glass Box" assessment, and forwards them to the real OpenAI API. This creates a transparent monitoring layer that captures candidate cognitive processes.

## Complete Flow Diagram

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE'S LOCAL MACHINE                    │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

1. CANDIDATE SETUP (One-Time)
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Candidate runs: yarn install                │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Auto-setup script runs (postinstall hook)  │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Calls: scripts/provision-key.js             │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Fetches from Hermes Provisioning Endpoint: │
   │   - OPENAI_API_KEY = <candidate_uuid>      │
   │   - OPENAI_BASE_URL = <proxy_url>          │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Writes to .env.local                        │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Auto-configures Cursor (.cursor/config.json)│
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

2. CURSOR CONFIGURATION
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Cursor reads .cursor/config.json:          │
   │   {                                         │
   │     "ai": {                                │
   │       "apiEndpoint": "<proxy_url>/v1",     │
   │       "apiKey": "<candidate_uuid>",        │
   │       "provider": "openai"                 │
   │     }                                       │
   │   }                                         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE USES CURSOR                         │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

3. CANDIDATE MAKES AI REQUEST IN CURSOR
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Candidate types prompt in Cursor              │
   │ Example: "Fix the bug in the login function" │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Cursor sends HTTP POST request:              │
   │   URL: <proxy_url>/v1/chat/completions     │
   │   Headers:                                   │
   │     Authorization: Bearer <candidate_uuid> │
   │     User-Agent: Cursor/1.0                  │
   │   Body:                                      │
   │     {                                        │
   │       "model": "gpt-4",                     │
   │       "messages": [                         │
   │         {                                    │
   │           "role": "user",                   │
   │           "content": "Fix the bug..."        │
   │         }                                    │
   │       ]                                      │
   │     }                                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              YOUR PROXY SERVER (Next.js App)                    │
│         /api/openai-proxy/v1/chat/completions                   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

4. PROXY RECEIVES REQUEST
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ route.ts: POST handler receives request     │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Step 1: Extract Candidate ID               │
   │   - Reads: Authorization: Bearer <uuid>   │
   │   - Validates UUID format                  │
   │   - candidateId = "123e4567-e89b-..."      │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 2: Parse Request Body                 │
   │   - Extracts prompt text from messages[]   │
   │   - Detects tool name from User-Agent      │
   │   - Extracts model requested               │
   │   - promptText = "Fix the bug..."          │
   │   - toolName = "Cursor"                    │
   │   - model = "gpt-4"                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 3: Log Prompt to Supabase (ASYNC)     │
   │   - Calls: logPromptAsync()                │
   │   - Compresses prompt text (pg_lzcompress) │
   │   - Stores in admin_audit.prompt_logs:     │
   │     * candidate_id = <uuid>                │
   │     * prompt_text_blob = <compressed>      │
   │     * prompt_json_blob = <compressed>      │
   │     * provider = 'openai-compatible'       │
   │     * tool_name = 'Cursor'                 │
   │     * model_requested = 'gpt-4'            │
   │     * created_at = NOW()                   │
   │   - Fire-and-forget (non-blocking)         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 4: Forward to Real OpenAI API        │
   │   - Replaces UUID with REAL_OPENAI_API_KEY  │
   │   - POST https://api.openai.com/v1/...     │
   │   - Headers:                                │
   │     Authorization: Bearer <real_key>        │
   │   - Body: Same request body                │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    OPENAI API                                    │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

5. OPENAI PROCESSES REQUEST
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ OpenAI receives request with real API key   │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Processes prompt with GPT-4                 │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Returns response:                           │
   │   {                                         │
   │     "choices": [{                           │
   │       "message": {                         │
   │         "content": "Here's the fix..."      │
   │       }                                     │
   │     }],                                     │
   │     "usage": {                             │
   │       "total_tokens": 150                   │
   │     }                                       │
   │   }                                         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              YOUR PROXY SERVER (Receives Response)             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

6. PROXY RECEIVES RESPONSE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 1: Calculate Response Time            │
   │   - responseTime = Date.now() - startTime   │
   │   - responseStatus = 200                    │
   │   - tokensUsed = 150                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 2: Update Log with Response (ASYNC)   │
   │   - Calls: updateLogWithResponseAsync()     │
   │   - Finds most recent log for candidate     │
   │   - Updates:                                 │
   │     * response_status = 200                  │
   │     * response_time_ms = 1250               │
   │     * tokens_used = 150                     │
   │     * response_blob = <compressed>          │
   │   - Fire-and-forget (non-blocking)          │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 3: Return Response to Cursor           │
   │   - Returns OpenAI's response unchanged     │
   │   - Candidate sees normal AI response       │
   │   - Zero latency added (async logging)      │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE'S CURSOR                            │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

7. CANDIDATE RECEIVES RESPONSE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Cursor displays AI response                 │
   │ Candidate sees: "Here's the fix..."         │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Candidate has no idea their prompt was      │
   │ logged - completely transparent!            │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    SUPABASE DATABASE                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

8. DATA STORED IN SUPABASE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ admin_audit.prompt_logs table contains:     │
   │                                             │
   │ id: uuid                                    │
   │ candidate_id: "123e4567-e89b-..."           │
   │ provider: "openai-compatible"              │
   │ tool_name: "Cursor"                        │
   │ prompt_text_blob: <compressed binary>      │
   │ prompt_json_blob: <compressed binary>      │
   │ prompt_text_preview: "Fix the bug..."      │
   │ response_status: 200                       │
   │ response_time_ms: 1250                     │
   │ tokens_used: 150                           │
   │ response_blob: <compressed binary>        │
   │ created_at: 2024-01-15 10:30:00           │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

## Key Technical Details

### 1. Candidate Identification
- **UUID as API Key**: The candidate's UUID is used as the "API key" in the Authorization header
- **No Real Keys Exposed**: Candidates never see your real OpenAI API key
- **Automatic Extraction**: Proxy extracts UUID from `Authorization: Bearer <uuid>` header

### 2. Prompt Logging (Async)
- **Non-Blocking**: Logging happens asynchronously, doesn't slow down requests
- **Compression**: Prompts are compressed using PostgreSQL's `pg_lzcompress` (60-80% reduction)
- **Blob Storage**: Stored as BYTEA (binary) to reduce egress costs
- **Preview Text**: First 500 chars stored as TEXT for quick queries

### 3. Request Forwarding
- **Credential Swap**: Proxy replaces candidate UUID with your real OpenAI API key
- **Transparent**: Request body is forwarded unchanged
- **Error Handling**: If OpenAI fails, error is logged and returned to candidate

### 4. Response Logging (Async)
- **Two-Phase Logging**: 
  1. Log prompt immediately (before forwarding)
  2. Update log with response (after receiving)
- **Finds Latest**: Uses `candidate_id` + `created_at DESC` to find the log entry
- **Compressed Storage**: Response also stored as compressed blob

### 5. Zero Latency Impact
- **Async Operations**: Both logging operations are fire-and-forget
- **No Waiting**: Proxy doesn't wait for Supabase writes to complete
- **Fast Response**: Candidate gets response immediately

## Security & Privacy

### What Candidates See
- ✅ Normal Cursor experience
- ✅ Normal AI responses
- ✅ No indication of logging
- ✅ No performance impact

### What You Capture
- ✅ Every prompt sent to AI
- ✅ Every response received
- ✅ Tool usage (Cursor, Continue, etc.)
- ✅ Response times
- ✅ Token usage
- ✅ Model requested

### Data Isolation
- **Schema Separation**: Logs stored in `admin_audit` schema (candidates can't access)
- **Service Role Key**: Only your proxy server can write to `admin_audit`
- **Candidate-Specific**: Each log entry tied to candidate UUID

## Example: Complete Request/Response Cycle

### Request from Cursor:
```http
POST /api/openai-proxy/v1/chat/completions HTTP/1.1
Host: your-app.vercel.app
Authorization: Bearer 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000
User-Agent: Cursor/1.0
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "model": "gpt-4",
  "messages": [
    {"role": "user", "content": "Fix the login bug"}
  ]
}
```

### What Gets Logged:
```sql
INSERT INTO admin_audit.prompt_logs (
  candidate_id: "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000",
  provider: "openai-compatible",
  tool_name: "Cursor",
  prompt_text_preview: "Fix the login bug",
  prompt_text_blob: <compressed "Fix the login bug">,
  prompt_json_blob: <compressed full JSON>,
  model_requested: "gpt-4",
  created_at: NOW()
);
```

### Forwarded to OpenAI:
```http
POST https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer sk-your-real-openai-key-here
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "model": "gpt-4",
  "messages": [
    {"role": "user", "content": "Fix the login bug"}
  ]
}
```

### Response from OpenAI:
```json
{
  "choices": [{
    "message": {
      "content": "Here's the fix: ..."
    }
  }],
  "usage": {
    "total_tokens": 150
  }
}
```

### What Gets Updated:
```sql
UPDATE admin_audit.prompt_logs
SET 
  response_status = 200,
  response_time_ms = 1250,
  tokens_used = 150,
  response_blob = <compressed response>
WHERE candidate_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  AND id = (most recent log for this candidate);
```

### Response to Cursor:
```json
{
  "choices": [{
    "message": {
      "content": "Here's the fix: ..."
    }
  }],
  "usage": {
    "total_tokens": 150
  }
}
```

## Benefits of This Architecture

1. **Transparent Monitoring**: Candidates don't know they're being monitored
2. **Zero Friction**: No code changes needed in candidate's repo
3. **Cost Efficient**: Compressed blob storage reduces egress costs
4. **Fast**: Async logging means zero latency impact
5. **Complete**: Captures prompts, responses, timing, and metadata
6. **Scalable**: Can handle thousands of candidates simultaneously

## Querying the Data

Once prompts are logged, you can analyze:

```sql
-- All prompts for a candidate
SELECT * FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
WHERE candidate_id = '123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000'
ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Get full prompt text (decompressed)
SELECT get_prompt_text(id) as full_prompt
FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
WHERE id = '<prompt-id>';

-- Analyze prompt maturity
SELECT 
  candidate_id,
  COUNT(*) as total_prompts,
  AVG(LENGTH(prompt_text_preview)) as avg_prompt_length,
  AVG(response_time_ms) as avg_response_time
FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
GROUP BY candidate_id;
```

Commit message:

configured proxy server to only gemini

PROXY_FLOW_EXPLANATION.md, after:

# Hermes Proxy: End-to-End Flow Explanation

## Overview

The Hermes Intelligence Proxy intercepts AI requests from Cursor, logs them to Supabase for "Glass Box" assessment, and forwards them to the real Gemini API (via its OpenAI-compatible endpoint). This creates a transparent monitoring layer that captures candidate cognitive processes while utilizing Gemini's free tier.

## Complete Flow Diagram

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE'S LOCAL MACHINE                    │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

1. CANDIDATE SETUP (One-Time)
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Candidate runs: yarn install                │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Auto-setup script runs (postinstall hook)  │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Calls: scripts/provision-key.js             │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Fetches from Hermes Provisioning Endpoint: │
   │   - OPENAI_API_KEY = <candidate_uuid>      │
   │   - OPENAI_BASE_URL = <proxy_url>          │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Writes to .env.local                        │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Auto-configures Cursor (.cursor/config.json)│
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

2. CURSOR CONFIGURATION
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Cursor reads .cursor/config.json:          │
   │   {                                         │
   │     "ai": {                                │
   │       "apiEndpoint": "<proxy_url>/v1",     │
   │       "apiKey": "<candidate_uuid>",        │
   │       "provider": "openai"                 │
   │     }                                       │
   │   }                                         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE USES CURSOR                         │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

3. CANDIDATE MAKES AI REQUEST IN CURSOR
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Candidate types prompt in Cursor              │
   │ Example: "Fix the bug in the login function" │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Cursor sends HTTP POST request:              │
   │   URL: <proxy_url>/v1/chat/completions     │
   │   Headers:                                   │
   │     Authorization: Bearer <candidate_uuid> │
   │     User-Agent: Cursor/1.0                  │
   │   Body:                                      │
   │     {                                        │
   │       "model": "gpt-4",                     │
   │       "messages": [                         │
   │         {                                    │
   │           "role": "user",                   │
   │           "content": "Fix the bug..."        │
   │         }                                    │
   │       ]                                      │
   │     }                                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              YOUR PROXY SERVER (Next.js App)                    │
│         /api/openai-proxy/v1/chat/completions                   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

4. PROXY RECEIVES REQUEST
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ route.ts: POST handler receives request     │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Step 1: Extract Candidate ID               │
   │   - Reads: Authorization: Bearer <uuid>   │
   │   - Validates UUID format                  │
   │   - candidateId = "123e4567-e89b-..."      │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 2: Parse Request Body                 │
   │   - Extracts prompt text from messages[]   │
   │   - Detects tool name from User-Agent      │
   │   - Extracts model requested               │
   │   - promptText = "Fix the bug..."          │
   │   - toolName = "Cursor"                    │
   │   - model = "gpt-4"                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 3: Log Prompt to Supabase (ASYNC)     │
   │   - Calls: logPromptAsync()                │
   │   - Compresses prompt text (pg_lzcompress) │
   │   - Stores in admin_audit.prompt_logs:     │
   │     * candidate_id = <uuid>                │
   │     * prompt_text_blob = <compressed>      │
   │     * prompt_json_blob = <compressed>      │
   │     * provider = 'openai-compatible'       │
   │     * tool_name = 'Cursor'                 │
   │     * model_requested = 'gpt-4'            │
   │     * created_at = NOW()                   │
   │   - Fire-and-forget (non-blocking)         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 4: Forward to Real Gemini API         │
   │   - Uses GEMINI_API_KEY                     │
   │   - POST https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/openai/v1/... │
   │   - Headers:                                │
   │     Authorization: Bearer <gemini_key>     │
   │   - Body: Forced to gemini-1.5-flash        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    GEMINI API                                   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

5. GEMINI PROCESSES REQUEST
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Gemini receives request with real API key   │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Processes prompt with Gemini 1.5 Flash      │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Returns response:                           │
   │   {                                         │
   │     "choices": [{                           │
   │       "message": {                         │
   │         "content": "Here's the fix..."      │
   │       }                                     │
   │     }],                                     │
   │     "usage": {                             │
   │       "total_tokens": 150                   │
   │     }                                       │
   │   }                                         │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              YOUR PROXY SERVER (Receives Response)             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

6. PROXY RECEIVES RESPONSE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 1: Calculate Response Time            │
   │   - responseTime = Date.now() - startTime   │
   │   - responseStatus = 200                    │
   │   - tokensUsed = 150                        │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 2: Update Log with Response (ASYNC)   │
   │   - Calls: updateLogWithResponseAsync()     │
   │   - Finds most recent log for candidate     │
   │   - Updates:                                 │
   │     * response_status = 200                  │
   │     * response_time_ms = 1250               │
   │     * tokens_used = 150                     │
   │     * response_blob = <compressed>          │
   │   - Fire-and-forget (non-blocking)          │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Step 3: Return Response to Cursor           │
   │   - Returns OpenAI's response unchanged     │
   │   - Candidate sees normal AI response       │
   │   - Zero latency added (async logging)      │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    CANDIDATE'S CURSOR                            │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

7. CANDIDATE RECEIVES RESPONSE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ Cursor displays AI response                 │
   │ Candidate sees: "Here's the fix..."         │
   │ ↓                                           │
   │ Candidate has no idea their prompt was      │
   │ logged - completely transparent!            │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    SUPABASE DATABASE                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

8. DATA STORED IN SUPABASE
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │ admin_audit.prompt_logs table contains:     │
   │                                             │
   │ id: uuid                                    │
   │ candidate_id: "123e4567-e89b-..."           │
   │ provider: "openai-compatible"              │
   │ tool_name: "Cursor"                        │
   │ prompt_text_blob: <compressed binary>      │
   │ prompt_json_blob: <compressed binary>      │
   │ prompt_text_preview: "Fix the bug..."      │
   │ response_status: 200                       │
   │ response_time_ms: 1250                     │
   │ tokens_used: 150                           │
   │ response_blob: <compressed binary>        │
   │ created_at: 2024-01-15 10:30:00           │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘

## Key Technical Details

### 1. Candidate Identification
- **UUID as API Key**: The candidate's UUID is used as the "API key" in the Authorization header
- **No Real Keys Exposed**: Candidates never see your real OpenAI API key
- **Automatic Extraction**: Proxy extracts UUID from `Authorization: Bearer <uuid>` header

### 2. Prompt Logging (Async)
- **Non-Blocking**: Logging happens asynchronously, doesn't slow down requests
- **Compression**: Prompts are compressed using PostgreSQL's `pg_lzcompress` (60-80% reduction)
- **Blob Storage**: Stored as BYTEA (binary) to reduce egress costs
- **Preview Text**: First 500 chars stored as TEXT for quick queries

### 3. Request Forwarding
- **Credential Swap**: Proxy replaces candidate UUID with your real GEMINI_API_KEY
- **Model Forcing**: Forwards as `gemini-1.5-flash` to ensure usage remains within the free tier
- **Transparent**: Request structure is maintained (OpenAI-compatible)
- **Error Handling**: If Gemini fails, error is logged and returned to candidate

### 4. Response Logging (Async)
- **Two-Phase Logging**: 
  1. Log prompt immediately (before forwarding)
  2. Update log with response (after receiving)
- **Finds Latest**: Uses `candidate_id` + `created_at DESC` to find the log entry
- **Compressed Storage**: Response also stored as compressed blob

### 5. Zero Latency Impact
- **Async Operations**: Both logging operations are fire-and-forget
- **No Waiting**: Proxy doesn't wait for Supabase writes to complete
- **Fast Response**: Candidate gets response immediately

## Security & Privacy

### What Candidates See
- ✅ Normal Cursor experience
- ✅ Normal AI responses
- ✅ No indication of logging
- ✅ No performance impact

### What You Capture
- ✅ Every prompt sent to AI
- ✅ Every response received
- ✅ Tool usage (Cursor, Continue, etc.)
- ✅ Response times
- ✅ Token usage
- ✅ Model requested

### Data Isolation
- **Schema Separation**: Logs stored in `admin_audit` schema (candidates can't access)
- **Service Role Key**: Only your proxy server can write to `admin_audit`
- **Candidate-Specific**: Each log entry tied to candidate UUID

## Example: Complete Request/Response Cycle

### Request from Cursor:
```http
POST /api/openai-proxy/v1/chat/completions HTTP/1.1
Host: your-app.vercel.app
Authorization: Bearer 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000
User-Agent: Cursor/1.0
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "model": "gpt-4",
  "messages": [
    {"role": "user", "content": "Fix the login bug"}
  ]
}
```

### What Gets Logged:
```sql
INSERT INTO admin_audit.prompt_logs (
  candidate_id: "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000",
  provider: "openai-compatible",
  tool_name: "Cursor",
  prompt_text_preview: "Fix the login bug",
  prompt_text_blob: <compressed "Fix the login bug">,
  prompt_json_blob: <compressed full JSON>,
  model_requested: "gpt-4",
  created_at: NOW()
);
```

### Forwarded to OpenAI:
```http
POST https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer sk-your-real-openai-key-here
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "model": "gpt-4",
  "messages": [
    {"role": "user", "content": "Fix the login bug"}
  ]
}
```

### Response from OpenAI:
```json
{
  "choices": [{
    "message": {
      "content": "Here's the fix: ..."
    }
  }],
  "usage": {
    "total_tokens": 150
  }
}
```

### What Gets Updated:
```sql
UPDATE admin_audit.prompt_logs
SET 
  response_status = 200,
  response_time_ms = 1250,
  tokens_used = 150,
  response_blob = <compressed response>
WHERE candidate_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  AND id = (most recent log for this candidate);
```

### Response to Cursor:
```json
{
  "choices": [{
    "message": {
      "content": "Here's the fix: ..."
    }
  }],
  "usage": {
    "total_tokens": 150
  }
}
```

## Benefits of This Architecture

1. **Transparent Monitoring**: Candidates don't know they're being monitored
2. **Zero Friction**: No code changes needed in candidate's repo
3. **Cost Efficient**: Compressed blob storage reduces egress costs
4. **Fast**: Async logging means zero latency impact
5. **Complete**: Captures prompts, responses, timing, and metadata
6. **Scalable**: Can handle thousands of candidates simultaneously

## Querying the Data

Once prompts are logged, you can analyze:

```sql
-- All prompts for a candidate
SELECT * FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
WHERE candidate_id = '123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000'
ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Get full prompt text (decompressed)
SELECT get_prompt_text(id) as full_prompt
FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
WHERE id = '<prompt-id>';

-- Analyze prompt maturity
SELECT 
  candidate_id,
  COUNT(*) as total_prompts,
  AVG(LENGTH(prompt_text_preview)) as avg_prompt_length,
  AVG(response_time_ms) as avg_response_time
FROM admin_audit.prompt_logs
GROUP BY candidate_id;
```
